Acceptance Criteria.

1. New Pre chat forms has to be created to and embedded in the CCleaner Website to Support Live Chat feature on CCleaner Website for Premium Customers.

below Fields needs to be present on the Pre-chat Form

First Name 

Last Name 

Email

2. Case via Live Agent Chat will have the Description Hardcoded to 

"CCleaner Premium Chat".

3. CCleaner  Pre Chat Form(Salesforce Visual Force Page)  will need to be Embedded in the CCleaner Website.

4. Customer Email Authentication to validate if it is a Premium Customer will be taken care by the CCleaner Website authentication Process.

5. Omni Channel Routing needs to be set up to route the Live Agent Chat Requests to CCleaner T2 Agents.

6.Routing Happens only for Agents whose Chat Status is Available any Chat Status other than available Status will not be receiving the call for Incoming Chat Request.

7. As soon as the Agent accepts the incoming chat a Case is created. If the email is not available in the Avast Salesforce Instance  a new Account and Contact is created followed by a new Case creation.

Else only Case is created and associated to existing Contact.

8. Case Source Info should be set as : CH::CCleaner_Site_Premium_Support.

9.Case Origin: Chat ,Case Priority : Urgent.

10. There is no acknowledgement Email Sent to Customer and there wont be any Assignment Rule since an Omni Channel Routing rule will be setup.

11. In case of Escalation Current Agent should  manually invite a CCleaner T3 Agent and he should be able to Continue with the Chat.

12 There needs to be a specific Chat Permission to be given to the Agent who will support Live agent Chat. Anyone Part of CCleaner T2 and CCleaner T3 Queue should be assigned the Permission.

13.Once the case Is Resolved agent has to manually Close the Ticket and a Closure email would be sent to Customer.

14. Live Agent Chat support will only be for CCleaner Consumer Products. Record Type : CCleaner - Consumer.

15.There will be a Timer of 30 seconds setup to the Agent to accept the Chat incase Agent if the Agent doesn't accept it will be routed to Next available Agent.
